Add docs for shared user direct login to organizations (#6137)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/organization-management/shared-user-direct-login.md

- **B2B applications** — applications registered in the parent organization and [shared with child organizations]({{base_path}}/guides/organization-management/share-applications/).
- **Organization applications** — applications [created directly within an organization]({{base_path}}/guides/organization-management/organization-applications/).

This is useful when:

- Applications are created directly in an organization and need to be accessed by users whose identities are managed in a parent or higher-level organization.
- You want shared users to access an organization through its own branded login page.
- You want shared users to authenticate directly into an organization instead of first logging in to their resident organization and then exchanging tokens using the `organization_switch` grant type.

!!! warning
    If the [alternative login identifiers]({{base_path}}/guides/account-configurations/account-login/configure-login-identifiers/) feature is enabled, shared users will not be able to log in to organizations.

## How it works

> To enable this behavior for an organization, the **Shared User Identifier** authenticator must be added as the first step of the application's login flow in the organization. This authenticator identifies whether the user attempting to log in is a shared user for the accessing organization. If so, resolves the resident user's details before invoking remaining authenticators in the flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this behavior for an organization, the **Shared User Identifier** authenticator must be configured as the first step in the application’s login flow. This authenticator identifies whether the user attempting to sign in is a shared user for the target organization. If the user is identified as a shared user, it resolves their resident user profile before continuing with the remaining authentication steps in the flow.
```

# Allow shared users to log in to organizations

{{ product_name }} allows users whose identities are managed by a parent organization (shared users) to authenticate directly through an organization's login flow.

Shared users can log in to an organization through either of the following types of applications:

- **B2B applications** — applications registered in the parent organization and [shared with child organizations]({{base_path}}/guides/organization-management/share-applications/).
- **Organization applications** — applications [created directly within an organization]({{base_path}}/guides/organization-management/organization-applications/).

This is useful when:

- Applications are created directly within an organization and need to be accessed by users whose identities live in a parent or ancestor organization.
- You want shared users to access an organization through its own branded login page.
- You want shared users to authenticate directly into an organization instead of first logging in to their resident organization and then exchanging tokens using the `organization_switch` grant type.

!!! warning

>     If the [alternative login identifiers]({{base_path}}/guides/account-configurations/account-login/configure-login-identifiers/) feature is enabled, shared users will not be able to login to organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the [alternative login identifiers]({{base_path}}/guides/account-configurations/account-login/configure-login-identifiers/) feature is enabled, shared users will not be able to log in to organizations.
```
